some 137
by the rivers of Babylon there we sat
down
yay we wept when we remembered Zion we
hung our harps upon the Willows in the
midst of it were there those who carried
us away captive asked of us a song and
those who plundered us requested mirth
saying sing us one of the songs of Zion
how shall we sing the Lord's song in a
foreign land if I forget you O Jerusalem
let my right hand forget its skill if I
do not remember you let my tongue cling
to the roof of my mouth if I do not
exalt Jerusalem above my chief door
remember O Lord against the sons of Edom
the day of Jerusalem who said raise it
raise it to it's very foundation o
daughter of Babylon who are to be
destroyed happy the one who repays you
as you have served us happy the one who
takes and dashes your little ones
against the rock
you